Converted item group database to YAML (#6032)
rathena/rathena: doc/item_group.txt

---------------------------------------

> SubGroup: Set this to '0' and the item will always be obtained ("must" item).
> 		  SubGroup value will allocates where the item will be stored at random group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SubGroup: Setting this to '0' makes the item always obtainable ("must" item).
		  SubGroup value will allocate where the item will be stored at random group.
```
